docs: update docs for hot fix (#8320)
microsoft/vscode-docs: docs/intelligentapps/agentbuilder.md

1. In the **Tools** section, select **+ MCP Server**, and then select **+ Add server** in the Quick Pick.
2. Select **Use Featured MCP Servers** from the dropdown list.
3. Choose an MCP server that meets your needs.
   ![connect to MCP server](./images/promptbuilder/featured_server_2.png)
4. Enter a name for the server.
5. Select tools you want to use.
   ![select_tools](./images/promptbuilder/select_tools.png)

### Use an existing MCP server
> [!TIP]

> > There are many registry and marketplace for MCP servers, we recommend starting with [Reference Servers](https://github.com/modelcontextprotocol/servers?tab=readme-ov-file#-reference-servers).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> There are many registries and marketplaces for MCP servers. We recommend starting with these [reference servers](https://github.com/modelcontextprotocol/servers?tab=readme-ov-file#-reference-servers).
```

4. Select tools from the MCP server if there are multiple tools available.
5. Enter your prompts and select **Run** to test the connection.

> Here is an example of configuring [Filesystem](https://github.com/modelcontextprotocol/servers/tree/main/src/filesystem) server in AI Toolkit:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example of configuring the [Filesystem](https://github.com/modelcontextprotocol/servers/tree/main/src/filesystem) server in AI Toolkit:
```

> 1. In the **Tools** section, select **+ MCP Server**, and then select **+ Add server** in the quick pick.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the **Tools** section, select **+ MCP Server**, and then select **+ Add server** in the Quick Pick.
```

2. Select **Connect to an Existing MCP Server**
3. Select **Command (stdio)**

> > [!Note]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > [!NOTE]
```

> > Some servers use Python runtime and `uvx` command. The process is the same as using `npx` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > Some servers use the Python runtime and the `uvx` command. The process is the same as using the `npx` command.
```

> 4. Navigate to [Server instructions](https://github.com/modelcontextprotocol/servers/tree/main/src/filesystem#npx) and locate `npx` section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Navigate to the [Server instructions](https://github.com/modelcontextprotocol/servers/tree/main/src/filesystem#npx) and locate the `npx` section.
```

> 5. Copy `command` and `args` into input box in AI Toolkit. In Filesystem server example, it will be `npx -y @modelcontextprotocol/server-filesystem /Users/junjieli/.aitk/examples`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Copy the `command` and `args` into the input box in AI Toolkit. For the Filesystem server example, it will be `npx -y @modelcontextprotocol/server-filesystem /Users/<username>/.aitk/examples`
```

6. Input a name for the server.

> > [!Note]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Optionally, enter additional environment variables.
```

> > Some servers might require additional environment variables such as API keys. In this case, AI Toolkit will fail at the stage of adding tools and a file `mcp.json` will pop up so you enter the required details following the instructions provided by each server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Some servers might require additional environment variables such as API keys. In this case, AI Toolkit will fail at the stage of adding tools and a file `mcp.json` will open, where you can enter the required server details following the instructions provided by each server.
```

> > ![Modify args](./images/promptbuilder/modify_args.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ![Modify args](./images/promptbuilder/modify_args.png)
```

> > Once completed the configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Once completed the configuration:
```

> > 1. Navigate back to **Tools** section and select **+ MCP Server**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. Navigate back to **Tools** section and select **+ MCP Server**
```

> > 2. Select the server you just configured from the dropdown list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   2. Select the server you just configured from the dropdown list
```

> > 3. Select tools you want to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   3. Select tools you want to use.
```

> 7. Select tools you want to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Select tools you want to use.
```
